.TH BATTERYCM-SWITCHER 1 "2021-08-24" "1.1.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
batterycm-switcher \- an advanced Ideapad Laptops conservation mode adjustment tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B batterycm-switcher
[
\fIOPTION\fR
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
\fBbatterycm-switcher\fP
command.
.br
.B Batterycm-Switcher
is a useful commandline utility (CLI) to switch the
\fIconservation mode\fP
of
\fBIdeapad Laptops\fP.
And it also provides series features to
\fIadvanced users\fP.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B call
call the
\fIfunction key\fP
receive backend,
this require
\fB`acpid`\fP
and
\fB'enable_receive_funkey'\fP
= 1.
To enable show status using sound,
it also needed to install
\fB`espeak`\fP
and change the config option
\fB'enable_sound_prompt'\fP
= 1.
.TP
.B config
Use
\fB`config`\fP
to enter config editing,
the editor used is vim,
which
\fBmost powerful\fP.
You can special your own vimrc to use from the
\fICUSTOMS\fP
section.
.TP
.B debug
Use
\fB`debug`\fP
to view the log of batterycm-switcher,
the default loging location is
\fI'/var/tmp/batterycm-switcher.log'\fP.
You can change this location from config.
It's actually depending on config option
\fB'batterycm_debug_level'\fP
!= 0.
To enter the full debug mode,
change the
\fB'batterycm_debug_level'\fP
to 1.
.TP
.B on / off
Both optoins to turn on/off the battery conservation mode.
.TP
.B auto / noauto
Both options to enable/disable the
\fBCharging Threshold\fP
service,
the default threshold value is
\fI95%\fP.
To custom the value,
use
\fB`batterycm-switcher config`\fP
and go to the
\fICUSTOMS\fP
section.
.TP
.B enable / disable
Both options to enable/disable the systemd service,
which Batterycm-Switcher Function Key Backend Service.
An backend service capture the function key opening Lenovo Vantage in Windows,
the keycode depending on your hardware.
.TP
.B help
This option will jump to show this man page,
you can also do this:
.br
\fB`man batterycm-switcher`\fP,
which function is same as help.
.TP
.B status
This option to show current status of conservation mode,
it will return a message whether the mode on/off.
.TP
.B version
This option to show current version of batterycm-switcher,
program name will be shown as the
\fIcore module\fP
name of
\fBbatterycm-switcher\fP.
.SH NOTES
While no options special,
batterycm will switch the
\fIconservation mode\fP
according to current mode.
If current mode is on,
turning off,
otherwise turning on.
.sp
It's necessary to know that
\fB`batterycm-charger.service`\fP
is conflict with
\fB`batterycm-switcher.service`\fP
and other commands.
So I highly
\fBNOT\fP
recommend use both
\fIat the same time\fP.
.sp
Don't reporting it as a bug if you don't have the
\fB`ideapad_laptop`\fP
driver.
Use
\fB`lsmod | grep ideapad_laptop`\fP
to have a try,
\fBno any reasons\fP
to
\fBdirectly uninstall\fP
this utility.
.SH BUGS
<https://github.com/supdrewin/batterycm-switcher/issues> 
.SH AUTHORS
Supdrewin
<https://github.com/supdrewin>
